If your teachers had lied to you, would you know anything.
Learn from those who have gone ahead of you.
And God called him Lucifer because he taught no one his own ideas.
You can't carry your money, buildings or cars to Heaven. But you can carry your knowledge and your friends.
Rebuild the Great Moneyrarr's building, far from his presence. And it will be well with you.
Be slow of speech and quick to listen. 
Be more scared of God, because He can destroy both body and soul in Hell fire.
Four marriages were foretold in four dreams.
He walked reverse ways. After a period of patience, he fell from cloud nine.
Her sins were the cause of her problems. Remember punishments.
Lovers of money, it would not buy a good friend, change the law of the Government or buy a business idea.
If no one can solve your problems, remember God in prayers. He might just answer.
God didn't like Manika's prayer because it was opposite to God's plans.
I loved your face but you must get away
He who prays concerning his course is a lazy person
Give your plans more time. Because it took God a thousand years to make the human body.
When you pray my friend, try to include everyone.
God said ask the one who has employment power the same I spoke to you, the same way I answered your prayers.
He who does not give rewards is a bad person. God said this.
Brulo was plucked from the tree of Ardarn. Just as Gartogade was plucked from the tree of God.
To whom much is given, much indeed is expected
By the power of Nicomon, I see you have a problem.
In the land where there was the kingdom of Smaldi and Largari, please work for the kingdom of Largari.
Instruments is three thousand years older than Carlsbego, yet Carlsbego is number one Creature Maker.
Who taught you how to hate, God didn't make anyone this way.
You better run because Devinika had spent a lot of time planning your destruction.
God has made me greater because I fixed what was broken.
Be careful of the plentiful.
The wiseman screamed, Do not be so quick to judge.
Prayer units are needed for answered prayers. It is computed from the number of times you helped others.
Put me to sleep oh Prayers because I have a broken stomach.
Hail Halfnin first son, he is our King.
There is great darkness to come. Volva speaking.
Weaklings never practised what they preached.
Get away from me, the world is a better place without you.
With the voice of the Lord in his head, he embarked on the forty years journey.
For the blood you wasted, you are now the uninvited.
God called him barren because none of his children went to heaven.
His heart was serpentine.
I have lost my way, I was led astray on the twelfth day.
After carefully studying his report, I saw wrong items in the last pages.
This boy has a heavy soul.
Pray to God before employing people.
An awesome man is one who got to Upper Heaven. A good man is one who got to Heaven.
Because of the fear of God, let your wastes not be much.
We forget what we did not use or recorded.
God created Vatti. Vatti created all sorts of vehicles.
Attimes if you are not understood, use a picture.
Do not give what is sacred to dogs.
Keep climbing the mountain, as long as it is worth it.
Show no love for Moneyla, he might not have paid his workers well.
Please think on your idea for about two weeks before executing it.
Lying to everyone made him forgotten.
His sins made his prayers to go unanswered.
Your dreams doesn't make you a prophet.
That poor man's body was made by God. He also is a Son of God.
The body hides what is inside. You might just be talking to God.
There are about a thousand kinds of people, God said.
Marcosea noticed it. Not everyone can teach.
The love of money is the root of many evils.
Oh factory Oh factory, My money wasn't enough to start one.
It was version thirty of his factory that was loved.
God gives enablements for the tasks he assigned to us.
It was against his will, still he found himself reading his books.
To a dead man God said, You have to go back, its not your time.
Keep finding your destiny.
Jamiestein said, I wonder how God makes long term plans. Mine never works.
Our earth is not perfect. What can you fix in it.
God bless you for the much you have given me.
He is forcing us to the temples of Hate. Please help us.
Amen and attack.
Since I had no business idea, I will be the best of your workers.
God only sent a few because of the resources they had.
That Holy man's daughter is a liar, a cheat and a fool.
He knew he was about to die, so he divided his wealth among his children.
You are doing an endless job.
The clock is ticking but it is just tricking me. Useful time have not elapsed.
She told a guy, Stop lying you demon.
It looked good, but a Spirit said a piece was missing.
Since I am not smart or brilliant, I will spend my time reading books. So I will become brilliant.
Many fell from many problems. But only the righteous did God lift.
My friend you must know a person for long before you can tell whether he is good or bad.
Do not promise what you have not tried before.
If you have a lot of activities to execute, pick the one which concerns many people.
There are more males than females.
Beauty is in the soul not the face.
Nothing I love more than knowledge. It solves more problems than money.
The trouble should have been avoided. It is indeed hard to tame.
God attimes knows your problems even before praying.
A name must be rare. This would reduce confusion.
Queuing up would drop the cost of your factory.
Cheap products could mean something is missing.
God takes care of the birds, so God can take care of you.
A teacher is never wealthy. Wealth has become a bad standard for judging.
Seek the opinion of others.
I didn't think of this business. I actually corrected a bad business.
The future is uncertain, prophets only see some parts of the future.
The difficulty of a factory product can be estimated from the number of components it has.
it was the memories of Bailulu in Aanoku that solved our problems.
God always knows all the important events on earth.
Please, Please, Go to where God sent you to.
God keeps a lot of records and shares them also.
When you beg, do not ask for much. And then you plans would be successful.
God loves a cheerful giver.
Prepare your speech long before the meeting.
I'll attempt to solve any problem that comes my way.
I'm sorry, I was wrong.
I'll try to always be a hand of God.
Ask Prayers what components to start from when starting a factory.
The suffering he endured made him began to think like a criminal.
Videos have taught many a man how to work factories.
The making of buildings is learnt by apprenticeship.
Try to break the curse that has overtaken a thousand men.
Man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
The infection must die. No matter how long it takes.
Everyones' soul is made by either God, Sorcero or someone else.
Pull him from the great pit he fell into.
Use the minimum resources necessary.
God called me friend, since I did what he required of me.
The one who makes heaps is paid twice the wage of the one who plants, God said.
Wickedness is as a result of a faulty head.
God told Ilda to make buildings and his brother Eldolim to answer prayers in Ikilla.
God said, if a devil slapped you for everyone's sake I will return you to your country.
Do not have sinners as your friends. No matter how wealthy they are.
My arms have developed a mind of their own.
Do not judge. Let God be the judge of matters in your life.
The aim of everyone on earth should be to make Heaven. Not money.
I will make you go to work in a factory. God said it is your destiny.
Before starting an activity, ask God if the activity is a sin.
The man who make ridges is payed twice the one who plants. God said.
Start with the insides of the container before the container, so that you can be successful my friend.
I loved heaven born people, though I am earth born.
Poverty will not seperate you from the Love of God.
Pray for Aawal since you have no reward to give him.
God can write books in a man's head. Or give him a memory that contains lessons.
She's poor and torments my dreams. God so much loved her.
If a song, story does not teach or does not points to a Lord, it is a waste of time.
Painting and Playing Instruments is easy God said.
He did more than is required so God took him after his death to Upper Heaven.
Eat all classes of food.
Learn what you need for there are trillions of Books.
Share your testimony. Let us know the solution to our problems.
Pray before selecting your next Chairman.
If it is important please use a calculator.
Always have call credits because of emergencies. A Spirit said.
The Goddess of the sea came looking for Greemantul.
Females are cheaper than males God said.
Write a summary before the main text. Please.
Help somebody.
A building must have a minimum of two floors. God said.
Pull him out of the deep hole, he won't be able to come out by himself.
God gave a person five thousand gold coins and to another two thousand gold coins.
The peace is broken, you brought it upon yourself.
A solved problem is a true test of Brilliance. God said.
Women can teach about any factory. Especially with the help of videos.
Divorce would create enimity between you and all the relatives of your partner.
God said, Master one and leave the rest for others.
Maxmilan prayed, God tell me what I must do to get my prayers answered.
Wullama's prayer, God remember my good works, use it to answer my prayers.
Mathewal prayed for money, God gave him a wife. God said it was the bigger problem.
The cup for palm oil is not necessarily the same cup for drinking
When you pray, don't tell God how to solve the problem. Just notify him. He is wiser than you.
Pray for directions at the beginning of the season.
God woke up in an Angel's body when he went to visit Gartogudu of Earth.
The truth is like water, the Earth would break without it.
God told him. Also did Falao, You are broken because you have broken something good.
God has salary scales and weights. Please follow it.
Oddinato said, He will be the mountain in the way of those who walk reverse ways.
A poor man said May my eyes forever be sealed.
While there were no signs, Mankilla was slowing descending into the grave.
God reserves the right to call someone a Devil. The best you can say is Demon.
I know nothing of your kind.
In the silence of the night, I heard the voice of a teacher teaching me.
Please know the happennings around you. It's very important.
God spoke to Olaatonal, Stop being a Wrysler, do the course I gave you.
The Queen of Peace was also voted by the Sea Maker.
Be stubborn and resist the teachings of Molech.
Pray and ask God if a teaching is correct.
Pray and ask of Zarra. Ask her if the story you heard sounds realistic.
How would it be if Google Maps lied to you about the directions you asked it.
Those who dream, that is night visions, have their relationship with God intact.
Speaking to Greemantul, Tell me how it ends. Would it be alright.
A vehicle has about sixty parts. The parts of a factory object estimates its difficulty.
Please keep evolving.
How did you love.
If you want to do a good job, use the best of tools.
Don't believe every word or news, because many people lie.
There's no water, may my head fall off.
By God's order, Awesomi came back to life to teach.
Attimes people should be divided. In other times people should be united.
The Bread Union of a Country can start a Factory
If you scratch my back I scratch yours. Don't pray to God if you didn't do what he told you to do.
God never gave a man anything until the man passes through exams.
Exams are not always written
It takes many points before a person or object is evaluated as good.
Good deeds are of three weights, manageable, good, awesome.
His failures reminds me of a tree planted in the desert. He indeed is a great man.
By their fruits, not their introduction, you would know them
It easier to read than to think. Please read first.
Anything that talks is a son of God.
How can there be realistic cartoons without first passing through grothic cartoons.
The Eyes of Sharbat Gula
The vehicles made in Aliman's vehicle factory have stopped selling. Damn,
I will face the weak within, so that I can get closer to Heaven.
Since the weathly man did not fund others, the Angels protecting him left. Terrible things started happenning.
What can't be done lazy man, we even store sunlight.
Upper Heaven is a situation in heaven when you are given a company to head on entrance.
Mandida have become the saviour of nothing. He should be sent to Hell Fire.
Survival hurts cried Jamiestein.
Call me a stupid child, but I will follow God instead of my parents.
Please pass me the bitter truth. So I can find solutions to my problems.
He was our promised Factory Boss.
The Soul is that part left when a man dies.
The angry mob cried, they want an Old Leader.
Release the poisons in your veins.
Let cheap products be your goal and master. God said this.
I hate this job, the sins we do in that company is much. Jamiestein screamed.
What matters most is what God sent you.
God did not create computers, learn that you need other people and thus should care for them.
God's word is of two types, some hard, some easy. Try to attempt the hard ones too.
I would start a Company even though my father can't fund it
On earth, if it is written in a book that doesn't mean it is right
Where there is treasure, there will there be treason
Behold Anorero, the creature that once was.
The making of vehicle tyres was his only thing, his only darling.
Maximo said the price you ask of, I give to thee.
No work is impossible as long as God sent you there.
Its not everytime I could think, it seems the oil of my head needs refilling.
I found a friend. And he was sweet indeed. God bless the one who made his soul.
Being the Governor is hard. Pray for your governors.
The Spirit of Phylia please come teach me factory. Amen.
I have forgotten most of What I studied in the university. I will try to read again.
I welcome every challenge in my area of specialization, the one God gave me.
The idea is harder to get than the resource.
Into the storm I descend.
Pray and ask God if you don't believe me. He is very wise.
A prayer, Father teach us how to build jam free roads.
After the storm we knew the worth of each one of us.
After trying for a while and failing, he remembered that God didn't send him there.
Read the news regularly, like once every week. It helps.
Show me how it ends Oh God. Hope it will be well.